QST - QT Serial Terminal

Implements a terminal program using QT and the QExtSerialPort library.

This terminal program mixes the input and output into one terminal
window, unlike other terminal programs which have separate input and
output windows.  The intended use of the program is to communicate with
embedded systems over a serial port.

The program builds for both Windows XP and Linux platforms.  See other
README files for details.  There is no Mac port yet, because I don't
have access to a Mac.  Feel free to port to the Mac and send me back
the patches.

Currently the program only supports N-8-1 serial format.  It should be
simple to support E-7-1, but I don't have any embedded devices that use
that format, so it isn't implemented.

Arranging the sources:

QST depends on the QExtSerialPort library.  You must obtain the source
for QExtSerialPort from http://code.google.com/p/qextserialport/.  Do
not use the older version from SourceForge.  Either download the
Version 1.2 (or higher) or use git to clone the repository.

Place the QExtSerialPort source directory alongside the QST directory,
like this:

somedir/
   qextserialport/
   qst/

Building:

Qt Creator: Open the file qst/qst.pro.  This should open the project.
Now compile by pressing the compile button or from the Build menu on
the main menu.

Command line:  Go to the qst directory.  Type this:

qmake
make

The project should build.


Building QST on Linux

If the compile fails, it is probably a path error, where the compiler
is unable to find the qextserialport include or library files.  You
may have to edit the paths inside the qst.pro file to correct this.


Building QST on Windows XP

There has been an issue with the compiler complaining about missing
file "qwineventnotifier_p.h".  This can be remedied by getting a copy
of this file from the qt source tarball and placing it in the
qextserialport/src/ directory.  Hopefully this issue will be fixed by
the qextserialport developers soon.

To run the program outside of QTCreator, you will have to copy a bunch
of DLL files to the same directory where the qst.exe file is located.
To find out what these dll files are, you can simply try to execute
the qst.exe file, and fix each "missing dll" error by copying the
correct dll file into the same directory as the qst.exe file, or to
wherever system DLL's are expected to live in windows.

Or just download the pre-compiled installer, which includes the DLL's.


